you always up guys that's quicker the
new year bring you some other black ops
2 the gameplay geometry and today I have
a sniper nuclear on the map read it is
not sexy dymond dsr-50 boolean I decided
to just upload sniper gameplay because
you guys love these and you know until I
have much else top load it was pretty
impressive but the way I get the nucleus
quite quite risky because it got about
two girls off the nuclear and I decided
to run straight down the middle and it
started the second round going up
against two sneakers and I just thought
that too kind of space up thats gameplay
over here Weist thing to do it and i was
playing against a few sleepless gameplay
and you know its neighbors like me
playing in some Andrews not see what
I've slip Rex they just do the same as
you and the best week of Naples just
kill them off spawn give them no chance
I make some mud another way to mix
neighbor might as a fusion attack from
the surgeon like me then just camp out
since he dies he's gonna spawn no
actually you can cancel tax in a scheme
so I guess scrap that to an extent but
maybe destroy them that made me the mud
butt in my class nurse was a DSO 50
weeks ending clipless 8px lightweight
toughness dexterity and i'm just going
to stack ornery track towards the end of
skiing plague some a pareto but what we
guys do enjoy that SS video
you know switch it up like this oh now
I'm up the looks another y'all can
debate it start making music as I never
really related to this bullshit that
they spit claiming that they made it
similar to a eight guard cuz I can't
fade it usually you can never updated
I'm kind of like the young Sinatra mix
with Sammy Davis j already know when
they are intuitive esta ella to it Rama
to improve it remember with in another
direction spread like infection better
yet place cuz I've always only mind a
breed of the different kind guess I'm
ahead a long time when it comes to the
wrong you can catch me in the boob fuck
just to the side that's super mario
clone why always get the one up and
you'll be cut up laser gotta help me
brother now really by the side of size
rubber fuck around see you pitch this
and get the nut up really what up with
everybody looking over there you can
call me indeed Kevin Jones then I'm
better for the throne going on IM JP
living alone this is news you do we need
to tell me how to use the never
confusing originality yet never lose any
of the psychological part of me telling
me you finna be a believer will have any
blow our minds like Kennedy without your
Salah so everybody remember me I'm real
American if you write alarm when you're
encontraron plug it in the air
fucking-a right I'll switch it up with
their biggest assets to keep you around
some people are entertainers and some
people are great entertainers some
people are followers some people make
the path in our pioneers